QCircle Design Template Library Project Contributor License Agreement 

By making a contribution to this QCircle Design Template Library Project (¡°Project¡±), I accept and agree to the following terms 
and conditions for my present and future contributions submitted to the Project. Except for the license granted herein to the 
Project and recipients of software distributed by the Project, I reserve all right, title, and interest in and to my contributions. 
a. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, I hereby grant to the Project and to recipients
of software distributed by the Project a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license
to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute my contributions and such
derivative works. b. Grant of Patent License: Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, I hereby grant to the Project
and to recipients of software distributed by the Project a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable 
(except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the 
contributed work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by me that are necessarily infringed by my 
contribution(s) alone or by combination of my contribution(s) with the contributed work to which such contribution(s) were submitted. 
If any entity institutes patent litigation against me or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) 
alleging that my contribution, or the work to which I have contributed, constitutes patent infringement, then any patent licenses 
granted to that entity under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. c. The contribution was 
created in whole or in part by me and I have the right to submit the contribution on my own behalf or on behalf of a third party 
who has authorized me to submit this contribution to the Project; or d. The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the 
best of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source license and I have the right and authorization to submit that 
work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part by me, under the same open source license (unless I am permitted to 
submit under a different license) that I have identified in the contribution; or e. The contribution was provided directly to me 
by some other person who represented and warranted (c) or (d) and I have not modified it. f. I understand and agree that this 
Project and the contribution are publicly known and that a record of the contribution (including all personal information I submit 
with it, including my sign-off record) is maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with this Project or the open 
source license(s) involved.